4.13.4 release (#224)
blackbaud/skyux-forms: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.13.4 (2020-10-29)

> - Fixed the single file attachment component to have consistent aria labels.  [#223](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-forms/pull/223)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the single file attachment component to use ARIA labels consistently.  [#223](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-forms/pull/223)
```
